Add ir frontend doc (#13351)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/frontends/ir/README.md

# OpenVINO IR Frontend

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    ir[("IR (*.xml)")]
        
    style ir fill:#427cb0

    ir_fe["OpenVINO IR Frontend"]
    
    openvino(openvino library)
    ir--Read ir---ir_fe
    ir_fe--Create ov::Model--->openvino
    click ir "https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_MO_DG_IR_and_opsets.html"
```

> The main responsibility of OpenVINO IR Frontend is load the OpenVINO IR into memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary function of the OpenVINO IR Frontend is to load an OpenVINO IR into memory.
```

> The main responsibility of OpenVINO IR Frontend is creation `ov::Model` representation from OpenVINO IR.

Reviewer 2: people sometimes are asking whether ov::Model is OpenVINO IR or not? I suppose ov::Model is in-memory IR, so the statement can be corrected then

> OpenVINO IR frontend uses [the common coding style rules](../../docs/dev/coding_style.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO IR frontend uses [the common coding style rules](../../../docs/dev/coding_style.md).
```

## Key contacts

> People from the [openvino-ir-frontend-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/openvinotoolkit/teams/openvino-ir-frontend-maintainers) allows to approve and merge PRs to the core component. These guys can help in case of any questions about core component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
People from the [openvino-ir-frontend-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/openvinotoolkit/teams/openvino-ir-frontend-maintainers) have the rights to approve and merge PRs to the core component. They can assist with any questions about the core component.
```

## Components

> OpenVINO IR Frontend contains next components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO IR Frontend contains the next components:
```

* [include](./include) is a public frontend API.

> * [src](./src/) folder contains sources of the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [src](./src/) folder contains the sources of the component.
```

## Architecture

OpenVINO IR Frontend uses [pugixml](../../../thirdparty/pugixml/README.md) library to parse xml files.

> For detailed information about OpenVINO IR Frontend architecture please read [architecture guide](./docs/architecture.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information about OpenVINO IR Frontend architecture, read the [architecture guide](./docs/architecture.md).
```

## Tutorials

>  * [How to support new opset](./docs/support_new_opset.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [How to support a new opset](./docs/support_new_opset.md)
```
